= Redmine Version Priorities

A Redmine plugin to prioritize versions in order to help users make a decision on which issues need to be worked on next.

== Features

* Prioritize versions across all of Redmine, using a drag and drop control panel.
* Sort issues by version priority, so you can easily find what to work on next.

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from {Little Stream Software}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/version-priorities/files] or from {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10/redmine_version_priorities]


== Installation and Setup

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins 
2. Run the plugin migrations +rake db:migrate_plugins+
3. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)

== Usage

The link to the control panel is located on the top left menu.  Here everyone will be able to see the versions priorities.  Administrators will be able to drag and drop versions in order to change the priorities.

A new column is added to the Issue list.  The column can be added in the Options section or the System settings.  This column can be sorted and will order the versions by priority. Unprioritized versions will show up as "none" here.

=== Permissions

By default the plugin will only list Versions that are visible to the current user, based on the 'view_issues' permission.  To remove this restriction, change the setting in the plugin's control panel (Administration > Plugins > Configure).

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at the Bug Tracker.  The bug tracker is located at  https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com

